# PY-REST-MSVU

## What's New ??

* Now supports GUI interface to easily perform your task.
* Generates models, serialization classes, REST views and urls endpoints.

## Introduction

* The python is a nice programming language and becoming popular now days and it's web framework django is widely used. One of the feature django having is that developers are able to develop REST api's which can be used via different URL endpoints but to generate REST api it need to setup models, views, serialization classes and urls which can a time consuming process.

* Whoohoo!! The `PY-REST-MSVU` will help you to boost your development speed as it will help you to generate models, serialization classes, views and endpoint urls in just few seconds with all the CRUD operation methods readymate inside it which is directly available to use with all the neccessory parameter inside it. All you need to do is copy the code generated by `PY-REST-MVSU` into your python django(rest_framework) project and pass the parameter by calling the methods to perform CRUD operation and many more. Easy right !!  :smiley:


## Pre-Requirements

* Should know basics programming of PYTHON, Django(rest_framework) and OOP.
* `PYTHON Django(rest_framework)` framework setup in your system. Or you can download 
 it from here [Download Python Django(rest_framework)](https://www.django-rest-framework.org/).
* Basics of working with `Models` `Serialization` `Views` and `URL endpoints` in `PYTHON Django(rest_framework)`.


## How to use ??

Step 1. Download the repository and extract it to any location you want using any zip extractor.

Step 2. Open the PY-REST-MSVU folder and access `index.html` file to run it on browser.

Step 3. Use the UI interface to generate Models, Serialization classes, Views and Url endpoints.

Step 4. Copy the code and paste it into your Python django(rest_framework) to test your api's.

Step 5. Finish.


### Conclusion

Thats all from my side still if you find anything which makes my repository works more better then feel free to tell me. you can also contact on `zaidpathan339@gmail.com` Thank you :smiley:
